All right, let's start to build out this additional functionality inside of our air handling middleware.
So to get started, I'm going to find my error handling middleware inside the middleware directory.
Here it is right here.
At the very top.
I'm going to import those two custom air subclasses we just put together once again, rather than writing
these out.
Actually, let's just do a copy paste from the sign up route handler we were just working on.
So here's sign updates.
We want these two exact import statements, so I'm going to copy both them and then paste them inside
of the air handler.
So now at the very top.
I'm going to delete that console log and we'll add in our little type checks.
So we're going to say if.
Air.
Is an instance of request.
Validation air.
Then if right now let's just do a console.log and say something like handling this error as a request
validation error.
We will also do a return.
Actually, we'll leave the return off for just a second.
Let's just make sure we can get these instances of checks work appropriately.
After that, we'll say if error is an instance of database.
Connection error.
We'll do a console.log of.
Handling this error as a DB injection error.
We'll save this.
And then let's go ahead and do a quick test over with Postman, though.
All we're trying to do right now is to make sure that we can interpret the type of that incoming error
so we can eventually handle it appropriately.
So either we'll take the reasons property and send it back, or we'll take that reason property and
send it over whatever is most appropriate.
We still need to figure that part out.
So to test this out, I'm going to open up post man once again.
I'll try to handle the invalid request validate or the request validation error first.
So I'm going to put in an invalid email and then send this off.
Okay.
So I've got a status 400.
I don't have a message or I have an empty string right there, which is okay for right now.
More importantly, let's go back over to our terminal and take a look at what was console logged out.
So at my terminal, I'll see handling this error as a request validation error.
Awesome.
So that means that we can tell our error handling middleware how to run some custom logic depending
upon the type of error that it is receiving.
So now let's do a similar test and make sure that it can recognize a database connection error coming
in.
So I'm going to put in a valid email now.
Send it.
I'll go back over to my terminal again and I see handling this error as a DB connection error.
Awesome.
Okay.
So now that our error handling middleware can determine what kind of error this is, we can add some
code inside there to take off either that reason's property or the reason property in the case of database
connection error and then build up some kind of response and send it back over to the user.
So let's take care of that last step in just a moment.